WANI WARAS ANTI-COLD REMEDY
Idham.
Go ahead, miss.
CIRCUMCISION CEREMONY
IDHAM ALBASHIRUN
-Here you go, Uncle.
-Which one's mine?
-The one on the right.
-Oh, thank you.
-This is great. Thank you, Sih.
-Please enjoy.
Ningsih.
-Excuse me, sir.
-Hey, Man, have something to eat first.
-All good, sir.
-Come on, try some food.
-Ningsih.
-Excuse me, ma'am.
-Yes, go ahead.
Ningsih, listen.
I can explain.
Explain what?
If you don't want to propose, then don't.
Why would you make a promise?
And then ghost me for days.
It's not that.
I was just waiting for the right moment.
What right moment?
For me to die?
Don't say that, it's not good.
Okay.
I was wrong.
I was mistaken.
I wasn't ready.
I was overthinking things.
Forgive me.
Yes, sir?
Pardon me, I was just stopping by.
Yes, sir.
Ningsih, I…
I have to get back to work.
Ningsih.
My Ningsih.
What's left to wash? It's already clean.
Look at me! Come on, look at me.
I promise.
This time it's different.
You are my priority. Okay?
I have to go to work.
I'll come back this afternoon.
And I'll wash all the dishes. Okay?
I'm so sorry.
-I really am.
-Hey, hey, hey.
-But--
-Okay?
-You said you have to go to work--
-I'm so sorry, please forgive me.
Okay, I forgave you.
Smile.
Yeah, that's it.
Be careful.
This afternoon!
Okay!
Before dark!
-Oh, my God!
-Sri, Sri. Get up!
-Mat! Are you okay?
-Get up, Mat!
Help!
Hey, bastard!
Who are you?
Have you lost your damn mind? Hey!
Fucking idiot! Get out!
Get out!
Bastard!
He's drunk.
This guy OD'd.
Sir?
THE ELIXIR
5 HOURS EARLIER
The new materials haven't been
submitted to Food and Drug.
We've worked on this for three months.
Skip Food and Drug for now,
submit once the boss approves.
Don't forget the other one.
One for the boss,
the other for Mrs. Grace.
-Okay, sir.
-Thank you.
Jaka, Jaka.
-Jaka.
-Yes, sir.
-This is for the boss. Take care of it.
-Yes, sir. Thank you.
This one's for Mrs. Grace. Okay?
-To Jakarta?
-Yes.
CIRCUMCISION CEREMONY
IDHAM ALBASHIRUN
Safar.
-Yes, sir?
-Here.
WANIREJO POLICE STATION
Whoa, you're super early.
Mr. Jaka.
What's that?
The usual. It's the boss's sample,
so be careful.
Hope this weekend goes well, Mbok.
Indeed.
I want them to feel comfortable here,
no matter what.
I always pray
that Mrs. Karina and Mrs. Kenes
can be friends again.
You two were childhood friends.
But you haven't spoken
to each other for three years.
I really miss
how it used to be, ma'am.
So do I.
Excuse me, ma'am.
There's a delivery for Sir.
-Just leave it there. Thanks.
-Okay.
Are you done, Han?
Not yet.
Oh, I know.
I bet you can't pee
'cause you haven't excused yourself.
Excused myself to whom?
To the trees, grass, and soil.
Well, to nature.
We have to be kind to nature,
so it will be kind to us.
Give it a try.
Excuse me.
It's working, Mom.
See?
Thank you, nature.
Now Raihan can take a pee.
Here, sweetheart.
Watch your hand. I'm closing the door.
Okay.
All good? Careful, sweetheart.
Nes. Could you please be nice
to Karina this time?
What's her deal?
Dad's the one to sign.
That's the thing.
I wanna push him to sign this weekend.
If Karina's upset, your dad will be too.
And we're the ones affected.
The deal won't go through.
Got it?
Okay, Rud, so we can split up faster too.
All good, Han?
Yes, Dad.
Okay.
What is that, honey?
A sample.
Once everything's settled,
let's go on a little trip.
Another honeymoon.
Where else do you wanna travel, babe?
Didn't we take a trip last month?
Yeah, but this one's different.
You're retired now, more relaxed.
Who knows, we might come home with…
a new family member.
Sir.
Mr. Aris.
How are you?
I'm fine.
-Di.
-Welcome, ma'am.
-What time did you leave Jakarta, ma'am?
-We left while it was still dark.
Is it heavy? Want me to carry that?
-Yay!
-Be careful, sweetheart.
Han!
Raihan, come here, dear.
Don't get too excited.
We just got here.
Look, you're sweating.
How was the trip?
You guys hungry?
Nes.
Mrs. Kar!
Hey, sweetheart!
How did you grow up so fast?
Hey, I made your favorite fried chicken.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Come on. What did you promise me?
No fried food, you just got over a cough.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Yeah.
-Hi.
-Rud.
Kar.
Mom--
This is for Dad.
-Where's Dad?
-Still in the shower.
Okay, thank you.
Well, well.
See?
See? It's better-- Hey, hey.
Hey, hey. They got me. Oh, my.
-Oh, my. They got me.
-Boo!
Fu--
You little squirt!
Let me go!
-I stayed up two nights to hit that level.
-I don't care.
You rascal.
Did you come alone?
I'm with Mom and Dad.
How could I come here alone?
Who knows, maybe you can drive now.
No, no, no.
That's the new one.
-We'll try it together, okay?
-Okay.
Okay? Go play with another one for now.
Han.
How's your mom and Mrs. Karina?
-Like always, they're still fighting.
-Yeah?
You know how moms are.
Yeah, right, but that's your mom!
How did they fight? Were you involved?
-Mom told her…
-Yeah?
…I can't eat the fried chicken she made.
Even though my cough has gone.
Well, that's okay.
Just so you know,
her fried chicken isn't tasty anymore.
-Uncle.
-Yes.
What's wrong with our family?
What do you mean?
Mom and Dad are fighting,
Mom and Mrs. Kar as well.
Everyone fights.
Well, your mom and dad's fight
is their business.
Mrs. Kar and your mom's fight
is their business too.
What matters is that
we're always strong together.
-Right?
-Of course.
Up first, then…
We'll practice again later.
Honey, they're here.
Tell them to wait for a while.
What the…
For over 40 years,
Wani Waras herbal medicine
has been a favorite among Indonesians.
Now, with global support…
It's still a work in progress.
-…Wani Waras herbal medicine goes global.
-Any thoughts? Good?
WANI WARAS - CENTRAL JAVA
SINCE 1983
Wani Waras, Nusa Farma Company.
Why is there no picture
of the Wani Waras factory?
Nes.
Our factory is so old and shabby.
It'll put off potential investors.
Still, Dad wouldn't like it
if he saw this.
You know how Dad is.
But he'd like the money, right?
I mean…
He still wants to sell our factory.
It's Dad's factory, not ours.
But I'm the one running it.
-Hey, hey, hey!
-Hey, Bambang!
What's that?
It's too dangerous. Come here.
Don't play with it. Look at you sweating.
Relax, Nes. This doesn't hurt, you know.
Check this out, look!
-See?
-Hey, Bang.
Bang, you're being such a kid.
Grow up a little, will you?
Go to that job interview with Uncle Ical.
Stop slacking off.
You didn't show up to the interview again?
If I show up,
he'll dump me in the middle of nowhere.
Dad won't have friends left
to get you jobs, you know.
That's just your opinion.
Like you've ever worked a day
in your life?
No, right?
So let's just sit tight and wait
for the merger to finish.
I get the money, you get the money,
and when you get it,
you can walk away from…
-Raihan, don't copy him.
-Raihan, stop it.
Good job.
Dad's got shot.
Where are they?
Honey?
Your hair…
What the…
Your face-- How?
This is all thanks to this.
-Wait, wait, wait.
-Look, look, look.
So when's the signing? Huh?
Here.
I've got the contract.
This weekend, if possible.
So we get the money then?
Well, that depends on Dad.
Dad.
-Dad? Huh?
-Dad.
-How are you?
-I'm fine.
-You look so different. Looking fresh.
-Nah, I only took a shower. Why?
Did you dye your hair?
No. Why, do I look young?
Rud, I've seen your video.
-What do you think?
-Awful.
You didn't show the factory.
Don't you remember
that Wani Waras is very down-to-earth?
Full of local culture and nature.
So why all these buildings?
What were you thinking? Are you ashamed?
Worried Nusa Farma
will try to lower the price?
Grandpa!
Hey!
Oh, my, my little champ is getting so big!
I'm gonna talk to your dad, your mom,
and your uncle.
Go ahead and play there, okay?
Hey, Raihan.
-Kar, how come Dad looks so young?
-He wasn't looking like that this morning.
Dad, did you just have
some treatment or something?
I'll explain.
After thinking it over,
I've finally decided
not to sell Wani Waras.
-What?
-Dad?
So no money for us?
What do you need it for?
-Well--
-What for? So you can have more toys?
-Bang.
-Where are you going?
Fu…
Gonna grow up!
Bang!
Let him be.
Well…
Listen carefully.
For a long time, our company
has been considered stagnant.
Never progressing.
Always considered a small-time company.
So I have no choice
but to take the Nusa Farma offer.
Does that change anything?
Does it?
It doesn't.
Why?
Because there's nothing special
about our herbal medicine!
But now…
You have to see.
THE ELIXIR
This is the new herbal medicine.
SAMPLE
This is gonna change everything.
The potion of eternal youth.
You see, I don't have gray hair, right?
I don't wear glasses.
This morning, I still had gray hair.
My voice hadn't changed either.
Why's that?
All thanks to this.
This concoction will change the world.
I call this herbal medicine "The Elixir."
Honey.
But weren't you set on retiring?
Kar.
I owe you my deepest apologies.
But right now, this is my priority.
Wani Waras herbal medicine.
This doesn't make sense.
Dad, you know
Rudi and I are getting a divorce.
Let's not talk about that here.
I have a plan, Dad.
I want to start my own business.
So Raihan and I won't have to rely
on anyone else.
Let's talk this over calmly, okay?
That chance ended
when you slept with Lisa from Nusa Farma.
Hey, cut it out! Enough!
Have you two even considered
what'll happen to Raihan if you divorce?
Have you?
Kenes.
Have you ever actually
taken care of yourself?
Have you ever even tried
to make yourself look attractive?
Have you?
How am I the bad guy here?
-It's not like that, sweetheart.
-Honey.
-She's right. It's not fair if--
-Don't defend me!
Do you even realize?
Do you?
-Why's Bambang acting that way?
-Sweetheart.
Because you constantly get everyone
to go along with whatever you want.
Sweetheart.
Always gotta keep you happy.
Even if it hurts us,
even if it makes us angry.
Even when you married my best friend!
Kenes!
Why drag me in?
Of course I did!
My dad's been delusional
since he married you!
-I've tried to explain it so many times.
-Explain what?
I wanna know.
How much you love Dad?
Is that it?
Bullshit, Karina!
You just want Dad's inheritance, right?
-Nes--
-Stop!
We've been friends since we were kids.
I was always there for you.
When you lost your mom,
when you got pregnant,
and when you had to marry Rudi--
So what do you want me to say, huh?
You wanna hear me say "Thank you"?
I'm warning you.
Never mention my mother again!
Did you forget what I caught you and Dad
doing back then? You forgot?
You were naked with Dad
in my mother's room!
Enough!
Kenes! Rudi!
Don't bring Wani Waras
into your personal problems.
My decision is final.
I won't sell Wani Waras!
Dad.
Dad, please. Let's talk this out.
What else do you want to talk about?
What else, huh?
You just care about money, don't you?
-Dad, listen to me.
-What?
Have you ever appreciated
the struggles I went through
to build Wani Waras from nothing?
Have you?
For decades, I worked in Wanirejo
while you lived lavishly in Jakarta!
Hey, Kenes.
Have you ever offered
to help me with anything?
You too!
Have you ever said thank you to me?
You never even said thank you!
-Honey.
-Babe.
They don't even know
how to be grateful to their dad.
Always asking, never giving!
Paying no respect to your parents.
Look at this!
-This is your cash machine.
-Dad.
Dad!
Dad! Dad!
Honey.
Never respect their parents.
Dad, what's wrong?
-Sweetheart…
-Dad. What's wrong?
-Honey.
-Dad.
Sweetheart…
Babe…
Dad, Dad!
Dad?
-Honey?
-Dad!
Dad!
Dad, Dad, Dad!
-Dad!
-Honey!
-Dad, Dad, Dad!
-Dad?
-Help me!
-Lift his head!
-Slowly!
-Rud, help me!
-Honey!
Dad!
Honey.
-Rud!
-He's stopped breathing.
-Don't say that!
-Don't say that! We need help!
Call the hospital!
Hurry up! Now!
-Bang, help carry him to the car, quick!
-Wait.
-What are you doing?
-Wait!
-Dad! Wake up!
-Mbok Sum! Mbok Sum!
Mbok Sum!
Mbok!
-Oh, my God.
-Help…
Get Pardi and Mr. Aris.
Help me get him into the car now.
-Now!
-Yes, ma'am.
-The nearest ambulance is in Sleman.
-Keep looking. Find another one.
-Where?
-Grandpa?
-On the internet! Find it!
-Yes, this--
Find a clinic or something!
Clinic. There is a clinic nearby.
-Mommy.
-Yes, sweetheart?
Dad?
Dad! Dad?
What's going on, ma'am?
Oh, my God.
Sir?
Sir? Sir!
Sir! Sir! Sir!
Sir, pull yourself together! Sir!
Sir!
Help!
Dad? Dad!
-Dad!
-Help! Stop, sir!
Dad, what's wrong?
Dad? Dad! Dad!
Mr. Aris. Oh, my…
Dad? No, Dad! Dad!
Dad, please!
-Nes, pull him!
-Honey!
-Dad, stop!
-Honey, stop!
Nes, help me!
Please pull him.
Honey!
Pull!
Dad, stop it!
Nes, help me!
Nes! Nes!
Dad?
Honey!
Mr. Aris.
Don't tell them anything.
Just say it was an accident.
But you gotta bring the police here.
I'll do the explaining. Okay?
Mr. Aris, listen to me!
Yes, sir. Got it.
-Clean all the blood first.
-Yes, sir.
Go.
-What happened to Mr. Sadimin?
-I don't know, Mah.
I only heard a voice from behind.
He sounded possessed.
-What?
-Don't say that!
Bambang!
Hey, Bang!
Bang!
Bambang!
Where are you--
Bang.
Open the door, please.
I know you're freaking out.
Dad never appreciated me.
He's always undermined me.
Look at this.
He never gave me a new car.
And sure,
I never fulfilled his expectations.
Instead, I killed him.
You didn't kill him.
I was there. I saw it.
This wasn't your fault.
I was there. It was an accident.
Dad didn't want you to go.
You have to protect me.
Who will look after me if you're gone?
What exactly happened to Dad?
Why did he act like that?
I don't know.
Ma'am.
-Pardi.
-What is it?
-Unconscious.
-What?
We need to take him to the clinic.
-Unconscious?
-Yes.
What is it? Han.
Pardi?
Oh, my God!
Pardi…
Handle him, Mbok Sum! Go on!
Watch out, Mbok!
Pardi!
Watch out, ma'am!
-Pardi! Hey!
-Mbok Sum!
Rud, help me!
-Pull yourself together!
-Mrs. Kar!
Pardi.
Ma'am!
Pardi, it's me!
Pardi! Pardi, what's going on?
Help! Help! Help!
Nes. Nes.
Nes, get in the car!
We have to take her to the hospital.
Rud!
Rudi!
Rud?
-Nes! What do we do now?
-Bang.
-What do we do?
-Bang, where are they?
-Rud?
-What?
Rudi.
Raihan!
Han!
Rud?
Rudi?
Bang.
Oh, fuck.
-Find them.
-Rud? Rudi?
-Kar!
-Raihan? Han?
Mbok Sum?
Rud?
He's not picking up.
-Nes.
-Rud?
-Did he answer the phone?
-No.
-Wait, I'm still trying.
-Keep calling.
Why isn't he picking up the phone?
Bang.
-That's Imah, right?
-Yes, that's Imah.
Bang! Bang!
Close it!
Wait for me! Come on, where are you?
-Did he answer the phone?
-No.
-Keep calling. Come on, hurry up.
-Okay, okay.
Let's go.
Where is Suji?
Ji? Ji!
Bang!
Come on, let's get out of here.
I'll try to call him again.
Have you lost your damn mind?
Hey!
Get out!
Bastard!
He's drunk.
Sir?
Let's go there!
I'm afraid.
Hurry up!
We'll ride in this car. There, there, Son.
-Kar, check the door.
-Please hurry up.
Okay, wait a while.
-Is it locked?
-It's locked.
Pardi!
Pardi! Stop!
Dad!
Pull him!
Come out!
-Ma'am!
-Karina, come here!
Kar, Mbok Sum.
Come on, let's go.
Let's get out of here!
Rudi, Rudi, Rudi.
Rudi, where are you?
Get out of the house now.
Pardi attacked us like Dad.
Can she pick us up?
Earlier, Imah and Suji also attacked us.
I don't know what's going on.
Tell me your location,
so I can pick you up.
The rain's too heavy. We have to get you.
-Raihan is fine, isn't she?
-Where do we meet?
We're close to the Chief's house,
we can go there.
Tell her we'll meet at the Chief's house.
Nes, Karina said to meet up
at the Chief's house.
The Chief's house.
-Where's the Chief's house?
-What? I don't know.
How come you don't know?
Bambang doesn't know where it is.
What? He doesn't know?
What does he know in this world?
Do you know where it is?
Yes, I know.
-I'll share the location.
-Let's go there now.
Yes. Hurry up, I'll wait.
Can I talk to Raihan for a sec?
Where is he?
No time, let's meet there.
Rud?
Rudi? Hello?
How is Raihan?
Now what? Where do we go now?
-Okay, we go--
-Where to?
-It's my son. We have to pick him up.
-Calm down, you have to calm down now.
My son!
-Is this the Chief's house, Mbok?
-Yes.
Come on!
Excuse me. Chief? Sir?
This is his house, right?
What is it, ma'am?
Mr. Aris, ma'am.
They're just like Pardi.
Mr. Aris.
We need to find somewhere safe.
Come on, come inside.
-Karina! Karina, don't!
-Mbok Sum! Mbok Sum!
Watch out!
-Karina, don't! Stop it!
-Mbok Sum!
Karina!
Stop it! Let it go!
Bang, we passed the turn. Go back.
We should turn left. Turn left.
Okay, hurry up.
Nes, what happened to them?
Oh, my God.
Goddamn it!
What do I do?
Drink this, sweetheart. It's still warm.
Where are you, Rud?
I'm here.
Where are you? I can't see you.
In the Chief's house. Where are you?
I'm right in front of his house!
Where are you? I can't see you.
We're stuck, damn it!
There are so many people
eating people out there.
-Nes, Nes!
-Do you hear that?
-Follow the car horn!
-Nes!
Nes!
-Nes, stop it!
-Rud!
Nes, they're looking at us!
I can't do it. I can't.
-Don't leave Raihan!
-We'll find another way!
Bambang, be careful!
Watch out! Watch out!
-Hurry up!
-Okay. Okay.
Hurry up. I'll call Rudi.
Karina. That's-- That's Dad's car.
-We have to go there.
-All right.
I'll check the car. Take Raihan.
-Karina! Take Raihan.
-Okay. Come here.
-Go with her.
-Come here.
Damn! It's wrecked. Fuck!
The car won't start!
Dad…
-What is it, kiddo?
-Dad…
Damn. Run! Run, run, run!
Damn! What is that?
Bastard!
Fuck!
Damn it!
There! Go inside the house!
Help! Help!
Help!
Get in!
Rudi!
Come! Come here if you dare!
Damn it!
Daddy?
Mbok Sum…
She…
She's gone.
I can breathe again…
Fuck! He didn't answer the phone!
Where are they?
We left Raihan behind.
Okay. There must be other roads.
Maps, maps, come on.
Bang, we can't keep going.
There's no more road ahead.
-There's got to be a way!
-No!
You want me to turn around and face them?
-We gotta get Raihan!
-You nuts?
-No more roads!
-Check it correctly!
-No more roads ahead.
-Let me see!
Bang! No more--
-Watch out!
-Hey, hey! Nes! Nes!
Watch out for the cart! Bambang!
I'll be damned.
Oh, my God, the car…
I'll be damned. Fuck!
Sir! What happened?
-There's an accident.
-We're already late to the event!
Sir? Are you all right?
Ma'am. Are you okay?
Let me help you.
Slowly.
I'll take you to the health center, okay?
-No need.
-It's okay. I'll take you.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
Nes.
-Let's go, Mom.
-That's…
Nes, that's…
Help!
Help! Help!
Hey!
Hey, sir!
Hey, bastards, that's my truck!
-He'll die, Nes.
-Don't.
Help! Help!
We have to run.
What? Where to?
There's the police station! Hurry up!
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Wait here.
I'll look for a rag.
Dad?
Have you tried calling Mommy?
I know I argue a lot with your mom.
But I still love her.
And I love you.
Don't you forget that.
From now on…
you have to be able to look after Mom.
Why are you saying that?
-Where are you going?
-I love you.
You have to be able to look after Mom.
You're a big boy now.
Why?
Why, Dad?
Stay right here.
Wait for Mrs. Kar.
Don't follow me.
What's wrong, Dad?
Dad…
Rud?
Raihan.
-Dad.
-Come here, sweetheart.
Dad? Daddy…
Daddy!
Rudi! Rudi!
-Dad!
-Please don't!
-Rudi, stop!
-Dad!
-Rudi!
Dad!
Rudi.
This way.
Raihan!
Please don't, Rudi!
Rudi! Stop!
Dad!
-Dad! Dad!
-Get back. Get back, sweetheart. No.
-Dad!
-No! Don't!
Dad…
Why did you put it here?
The storage is full, sir.
We'd destroy them tomorrow anyway.
Yes, sir.
All right then.
Nobody smokes.
-If this burns, the station blows up.
-Yes, sir.
And it'll take us even longer
to get promoted.
Roger that, sir.
Wait for me!
-Hey, hey, sir!
-Wait, wait.
Ma'am.
-Sir. Help--
-Please calm down.
-What happened?
-We had an accident. The car overturned.
Where?
Over there. The car in the rice fields.
Anybody hurt? Dizzy?
-I'm fine.
-Careful, sir.
Help, sir. I need to borrow a car
to get my nephew.
Calm down. Is it an accident,
or do you just want to borrow a car?
-Both, sir.
-How come?
All right then, sir, ma'am.
Please have a seat for now.
-There's no time, sir.
-Tell the whole story.
-Take a breath.
-Calm down. Calm down.
You need to check outside. There's chaos.
-All right, we'll take a look.
-There are so many people.
-Der! Go see what's happening outside.
-Yes, sir.
Sir, you can't just send one person.
Lots of people are dead outside.
-Many dead outside.
-How?
Please, sir. I need a car to get my son.
-So many dead!
-Sir! There are many people outside.
-Emergency, code 810. Please check, sir.
-What?
What happened?
Sir, please stay with us here.
Don't leave us.
Sir, ma'am, calm down.
Sir, please sit down.
All of you, get ready. Come on!
-Should I come, sir?
-No. Just me and the boys.
Sir.
Raihan, be strong, my dear.
We must stay strong together.
Stay close to me, okay?
Mrs. Kar!
Who are you?
Are you possessed too?
Possessed?
No, we're not.
What are you doing in my house?
They chased us.
Then we saw this house and hid.
Mrs. Kar…
Who's that?
Who's that, ma'am?
Don't.
The car is in the rice field.
Oh, no!
-Sir!
-What's that?
-Sir, what's that?
-Wait. Hold on.
This is bad.
Fire the tear gas! Now!
Sir!
What the heck, sir? It's not working!
Retreat! Retreat! Retreat!
Retreat! Retreat!
Sir!
Bastard!
Back off! Back off!
Back off!
Ningsih, sorry.
I can't go to your place yet.
Rahman.
Uncle, Auntie,
Mom, and Dad, they're all gone.
What? What do you mean they're gone?
Did they have an accident?
How did they die?
No, they didn't have an accident.
I was at Idham's house,
and suddenly, these people came.
-Wait, where are you right now?
-At home. Where are you?
-Man!
-Rahman?
-Call you back.
-Hello?
-Danger!
Hello?
What happened, sir?
Close the door!
Hold it, sir!
I'm holding the door!
Use the cabinet!
The cabinet!
Bambang, move!
Come here.
Man! This one. Use this chair!
-Sir!
-Hold the door!
Come on, Bambang!
Don't let them get in.
-Hold it, sir.
-Okay.
Sir, what happened?
Don't let those people in.
Here, sir.
Sir.
Sir, sir! Sir…
Hang in there, sir.
I'll go get some help. Hang in there!
Sir! Sir!
Please hold the rag.
I wanna call-- Sir-- For help.
Sir!
Hello. Yeah. Wanirejo Hospital?
Please send an ambulance
to Wanirejo Police Station.
Just come here.
Sir?
-Sir?
-Don't.
-Bang?
Sir?
Shoot him.
There's no use talking
to him anymore. Shoot!
-Sir?
-Sir!
-Damn it.
-Bang!
Idiot!
Sir!
Why did you shoot him? He's my commander.
You could be charged with murder.
If I didn't shoot him, we'd be dead!
Dead how?
What?
Bang-- Bambang…
-That's…
-Bang?
Sir?
Sir!
-Bambang!
-Calm down. I'll protect you.
Bambang!
Nes, help!
Nes, help me! Nes!
-Help me, sir!
-Okay.
Watch out! Your hand!
WANIREJO POLICE STATION
Sir, sir. Sir.
Could we call
another police station
to ask for help? Is it possible?
What's wrong with my commander?
And the people outside?
Sir, it's not important to find out why.
We have to find a solution.
But how do I explain
what's wrong with them?
Let's just be frank about it.
There's a riot, and many people have died.
-Sir, come on.
-Please.
Hello?
Sleman Police Station? Report, sir.
From Wanirejo Police Station.
I want to report a riot between residents.
Casualties including
three police officers.
Requesting immediate reinforcements ASAP.
Nes.
Nes?
There, there.
You have to calm down.
I'm sure Raihan is fine.
He's a strong child.
Smart.
I'm sure he can survive.
Well, I don't care about Rudi.
I hope his dick gets bitten.
No, no. So he can't cheat on you anymore.
I can't accept that.
He cheated on my little sister.
Calm down.
Reinforcements are coming.
Are you sure?
Sure.
Mr. Rahman himself said that.
UNKNOWN NUMBER
Who is that?
I don't know. It's an unknown number.
-Hello.
-Nes!
Kar? Karina?
Nes, are you okay?
Kar, where are you?
At a local resident's house,
near the Chief's.
What about you and Bambang?
Kar, where is Raihan?
He's with me. Just a sec.
Han, this is your mom.
-Han! Han!
-Uncle!
Raihan, this is Mommy, sweetie.
This is Mommy. You're okay, right?
Yes, Mom. Mrs. Kar's taking care of me.
When are you picking me up?
I can't come over just yet, sweetie.
But I'll be there, I promise.
But you're okay, right?
I'm fine, sweetie. I'm fine.
Where's your dad?
Daddy…
Nes.
Where's Rudi, Kar?
Rudi…
Karina, where's Rudi?
He turned.
And attacked me and Raihan.
Are you 100% sure
that he has turned or not?
Just like Dimin, Nes.
Kar, Kar.
Kenes and I are still stuck
at the police station.
We can't go anywhere yet.
Help from Sleman Police Station
is on the way.
When they come, we'll get to you, okay?
Okay, Bang. Yeah.
I wanna talk to Raihan again.
Okay, wait.
Yes, Mom.
Sweetie…
You're doing great. Really great.
I'm sorry, I can't pick you up right now.
But I will. Wait for me, okay?
Okay, Mom.
Hey, hey. It's okay.
He will be fine.
-Sir! Ma'am!
-Yes?
Help me!
Help me! Hold the door.
Okay. Come on.
Monitor. Wanirejo One, come in.
-This is Sleman 204.
-Hold it!
Wanirejo.
Wanirejo One, come in.
-This is Wanirejo!
-Is this Wanirejo One?
This is Wanirejo. Come in.
We can't go in!
Hey. Move away!
Sleman 204, do you hear me?
Situation under control, sir?
Shoot, Yon! Shoot! Shoot…
Hello, Sir? Monitor.
-Hurry up!
-Hold it, Nes!
Bang!
Come on, sir.
So many of them.
That's our help.
Supposedly.
-How's Raihan doing?
-I don't know.
Hello, Nes.
It's a bust, Kar.
What do you mean?
The rescue team didn't make it.
No one survived.
-So, what now?
-I have no idea.
What's Raihan doing?
He's eating. He's starving.
Okay. Okay.
Please take care of him.
You guys stay inside. Don't go anywhere.
Don't come out, okay?
We can't go anywhere either.
We're stuck here.
Do you remember
when we were trapped at school
because of the flood?
How could I forget?
Waiting for your journalism club meeting
until late. I wasn't even part of it.
And then my dad picked us up, right?
Insane. I really miss your dad.
He used to pick us up so much.
Almost every day.
Even my dad never picked me up.
Your father always picks us up.
I'm sorry, Kar.
I wasn't there when he died.
But you were always there for me.
Nes…
I really do love Dimin.
But I should've put your feelings first.
I know.
I also know that my father loved you.
But do you know
what breaks my heart the most?
I lost my best friend, Kar.
I lost you too, Nes.
Kar.
If anything happens to me and Bambang…
Don't be ridiculous, please.
You have to try and take Raihan
far away from here.
Okay?
Yes, I promise.
Okay.
There's more of them now.
Sir. What should we do?
I have to pick up my nephew.
Are they still human or not?
Of course not.
You can't even talk to them.
They just wanna kill and eat people.
God is the greatest…
But they still wanna pray.
-God is the greatest…
-No, they don't.
They're just following the sound.
God is the greatest…
He's dead.
Wait a minute.
Poor him.
Do you have a lighter?
Here it is.
My motorbike.
We can go to my motorbike.
POLICE
Sir.
You only called one police station.
Are there no other police stations
or precincts to ask for help?
I'm not sure if they can come quickly.
I'm afraid the front door
will already be breached.
This is the only way to pick up Raihan.
And we have to pick him up now.
Trust me.
Here's the safety.
Aim, and pull the trigger.
Do I really have to shoot people?
They're not human beings anymore.
You can do it.
-Here.
-Okay.
-Can I use that?
-Yes, you can.
It's working.
Ningsih, I'll get the motorbike first,
then I'll pick you up.
Are you sure?
I'm afraid something might happen to you.
I'm 90% sure.
Well, 85%.
I'm serious!
It's fine. Don't worry. Just wait for me.
Be careful.
Thank you.
Ma'am.
My boyfriend will pick us up.
There are still so many of them.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
-You sure wanna open it?
-Yeah.
-Hold on. You sure wanna open it?
-Yes, I'm sure.
-For real?
-Seriously.
-There's so many out there.
-I'm sure.
Just open the door slightly.
-What should we do about this?
-Move! Move!
Watch out!
Hold the door!
The door won't hold.
-Sir! Sir!
-Is there more?
Sir! Sir!
-Try this one. Where is the lighter?
-You wanna open it again?
Careful.
Is it clear?
-Let's go.
-Run. Run!
-Come on, catch up.
-What? What do you mean?
Sir!
It's them. Shoot them.
It's them, sir!
Be careful!
He's dead! Shoot the head!
They're getting closer!
Shoot the head!
Hit!
Nes. Calm down.
-Bambang!
-What?
They're coming closer!
Now what? Where do we go?
Hold it! Hold it! Hold it!
Bambang!
Hold it!
-Bang!
-Shoot them, Nes!
Careful!
What are we gonna do?
Push!
-Where to?
-To the motorcycle!
Nes, stay close to me!
Push it!
Calm down!
Nes, stick to me!
I can't breathe. I can't breathe…
What are we gonna do?
-Mrs. Kar.
-Raihan, stay there!
Mrs. Kar!
Bang!
Bang? Bang?
Hold it!
Ma'am!
Nes, why did they stop?
Let's go over there.
Follow me.
Go, go!
Nes! Nes! Let's go.
Where are they going?
Mrs. Kar.
Ma'am, please don't.
Mrs. Kar. Mrs. Kar!
Ma'am. Ma'am.
Why are they standing still?
It's the rain.
I think it's because of the rain.
We have to get out of here.
Raihan, we leave now.
We can use my motorbike, ma'am.
Mrs. Kar.
Ningsih, hurry up!
Come on, Sih! Now!
Okay.
Come on, ma'am!
Ningsih, hurry up!
-Nes!
-Bang! Bambang!
-Bang!
-Nes!
Kenes! Nes!
-Kenes! Nes!
-Bang!
Just go to the motorcycle!
Shoot them!
I've run out of ammo!
Back to the station!
Through the fields!
Push it!
-Shoot them!
-I've run out of ammo!
Sir.
My sister.
Where are we going?
We're going to Rahman's office!
Then getting out of here!
We must get out, no matter what!
What is that?
I don't know.
Stop, stop, stop.
Wait here.
Turn around!
What's wrong?
It won't start.
Get off, Han.
Can you start it?
Raihan! Raihan! Raihan!
Raihan!
Help me, ma'am.
Ma'am!
Raihan…
It won't start, ma'am!
Mommy!
-Mommy!
-Sweetie!
Mommy!
It's okay, sweetie. Mommy is here now.
-What's wrong, Mom?
-Nothing, sweetie.
Kar.
That's…
Come on.
Let's get inside. Come on, Mom.
Imah, don't!
Hurry up, get in!
Fuck!
-Where are you?
-Rahman!
I was going to pick you up.
Now I'm in a truck.
I'm here with Mrs. Karina,
Raihan, and Mrs. Kenes.
Where is Bambang?
-Ningsih is in the truck. With Mrs. Kenes.
-What?
Nes! Is Raihan with you?
Yes, we're together.
We'll try to go there
and pick you guys up. Okay?
-Okay. My sister is still alive!
-Okay.
-Quick. Come on!
-It's been ages since I drove stick.
You can do it.
Just turn it on. What's hard?
-Just start it.
-Not like this!
Enough, enough!
You can drive, right? Hurry up, ma'am.
-Karina, you can…
-Shut it!
-Okay, okay.
You got this. You got this.
-Slowly. Okay.
-Yeah. Okay.
-Okay, okay.
-Slowly. You can do it.
You got this.
Kar!
-Go, go, go! Hurry up!
-Move!
Kar, come on! Just hit them! Hit them!
-Hit them!
-Ma'am! Mrs. Karina!
Move it!
Why are they still going?
That's the office!
Kar, turn left. Turn left.
Ma'am, stop! Stop!
-Hit the brakes!
-I can't!
Sweetie, are you okay? Oh, sweetie.
Are you okay, Kenes? Raihan?
Ningsih!
Rahman! Please get out, ma'am.
Rahman!
Ningsih, are you okay?
Carefully.
Bang!
Kar! Karina! Help me, please!
-Sir, please help!
-What's wrong?
-Karina, hurry up!
-Wait a minute.
-Wait here.
-Kar!
Bang! Lift it up, Kar!
We're already here. Please calm down.
Calm down. Calm down. Kar!
Nes, help me.
Sir!
It hurts! Don't pull!
Okay, okay.
Move the truck back!
I can't.
Rahman!
Back up!
Damn it!
Kar, check the side door! Quick!
We can go this way. We can go this way.
-Uncle!
-Kar, come on!
-We can go out through the side door.
-Lift it up.
-Come on.
-We can!
-Lift his legs…
-It's no use.
I'll pull and you push.
-Nes, stop!
-No!
-You can do it!
-Stop, stop! Stop!
Stop!
All my life,
I've always run away from trouble.
Well, this time I'm not going anywhere.
Hey, Champ!
Let's divide and conquer.
You take care of your mom.
No.
I'll stay here.
Rahman!
-Help me!
-Ningsih!
Ningsih!
Back up!
-Nes, enough! Nes! Enough!
-Bang, you can do it!
Nes--
-Rudi!
-Dad!
I've run out of bullets.
Watch out, Nes!
Shoot him!
Mommy!
Rudi, stop!
Karina, shoot him!
Shoot him!
Come on. We don't have time.
-Come on.
-Wait.
Come on, Uncle!
-Come on!
-You can do it!
Leave, guys!
-Come on, Uncle!
-Come on, Bang.
Ningsih.
I love you, Rahman.
I can't, Nes.
Bang, come on!
Go! Just go!
-Bang, come on!
-Uncle!
Come on, Bang!
-You must go now!
-No, Bang!
Nes, let's go!
Nes, we must go!
Come here!
Son of a bitch!
Hey! Come here, you bitch!
Bitch!
-Nes, we can't stay here. Come on.
-Uncle Bambang…
Come on.
This way.
Kar, check the motorbike.
-Can you drive?
-Yes, I can. Come on.
We have to go.
Please, please, please.
It's working, Nes.
What's wrong?
What is it?
What is it, Mom?
Mom?
Sweetheart…
I can't come with you and Mrs. Kar.
-You have to come with us.
-No, it's okay.
-If I recover…
-You have to come with us.
…I will come to you.
Okay, sweetheart?
You have to come with us.
Mom… Mom…
Mom…
-I'm sorry, dear.
-Mom…
Mom-- Come--
You have to come with us.
Nes. Nes.
Listen to me.
You come with us. We'll go far from here.
I don't want to lose you again.
Mom…
Nes…
Raihan is yours now.
You promised me you'd take care of him.
You have to go far away from here.
Okay? You promised me.
What are you doing? Please don't!
-Nes! Kenes!
-Mommy!
Mommy! Mommy!
Mommy!
Nes.
-Go, Kar!
-Mommy!
Go!
Mommy!
We left Mommy behind, Mrs. Kar.
Forgive me, Han.
THE ELIXIR
Honey.
Dimin hasn't responded yet.
-Dimin?
-Yes. It's not like him.
He's busy.
His children.
They're having a lot of trouble.
But we might get in trouble too.
If you don't take a shower.
Oh, you…
Okay, I'll shower.
-Come on.
-Okay.
By the way,
have you tried the herbal medicine?
-Not yet.
-I see.
HERBAL MEDICINE
SAMPLE
-Honey!
-Yeah?
Honey?
-What?
-Look!
Look!
What happened to you?
No gray hairs!
How did you get rid of the wrinkles?
Subtitles by: Greg Sanford